#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via azure-datalake-store
adlfs==2023.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   stactools
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
azure-core==1.26.3
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.52
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.12.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.15.0
    # via adlfs
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
cartopy==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
    #   stac-check
    #   stac-validator
    #   stactools
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==40.0.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fiona==1.9.2
    # via geopandas
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.3.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   stactools
geopandas==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
h5netcdf==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h5py==3.8.0
    # via h5netcdf
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.12.0
    # via ipykernel
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   pystac
    #   stac-check
    #   stac-validator
jupyter-client==8.1.0
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.2
    # via stactools
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
msal==1.21.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   cartopy
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   rasterio
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
    #   stactools
    #   xarray
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   h5netcdf
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   xarray
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   xarray
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
planetary-computer==0.4.9
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic[dotenv]==1.10.7
    # via planetary-computer
pygments==2.14.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   msal
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.5.0
    # via
    #   cartopy
    #   geopandas
    #   stactools
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via cartopy
pystac[validation]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   stactools
pystac-client==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   planetary-computer
pytest==7.3.1
    # via stac-check
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   stac-check
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
pyyaml==6.0
    # via stac-check
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rasterio==1.3.6
    # via stactools
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   msal
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   stac-check
    #   stac-validator
    #   stactools
shapely==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
    #   geopandas
    #   stactools
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   isodate
    #   munch
    #   python-dateutil
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
stac-check==1.3.2
    # via stactools
stac-validator==3.3.1
    # via
    #   stac-check
    #   stactools
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
stactools==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-setuptools==67.7.0.2
    # via
    #   stac-check
    #   stac-validator
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
xarray==2023.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.8.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
